feat: Relayer and Indexer with Redis (#198)
Lightprotocol/light-protocol: README.md

The easiest way to setup the development environment is to use our scripts
and development environment.

> First, install the dependencies, pick true to install redis, pick false to skip installing redis
> (they are going to be installed in `.local` directory inside your repository clone):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install the dependencies (they are going to be installed in `.local`
directory inside your repository clone). If you want to install Redis (needed
only for relayer), use `--enable-redis` option.
```

```shell

> ./scripts/install.sh true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./scripts/install.sh
```

And eventually add a second block with `./scripts/install.sh --enable-redis` - whatever makes sense after you rephrase this part of README :)
